Set a century after Fitzgerald took up residence in the city of lights, Sex and the City creator Darren Starr’s new series is the latest work to deploy the ‘American in Paris’ trope which, no matter how many attempts they make, screenwriters just can’t seem to nail. It centres around a young US marketing consultant (played by Audrey Hepburn lookalike, Lily Collins), sent to live in Paris after her firm acquires a French agency. What ensues is a parade of every Hollywood cliché about life in the French capital imaginable, including rude chain-smoking colleagues and romance on every corner. Watching the series’ 10 episodes I was left with the question: how is Hollywood still getting Paris so wrong?
Growing up, I obsessively consumed every Hollywood film based in Paris. I sang along with Fred Astaire as he danced down the Champs-Élysées to the tune of Bonjour Paris! in Funny Face (1957); cried with Nicole Kidman in Moulin Rouge (2001); and gazed in wonder at Audrey Tautou’s magical Parisian life in Amélie (2001) – which although French, provides the kind of chocolate-box Hollywood imagining of the capital that presumably made it a worldwide hit. In many ways, when I finally arrived in Paris at the age of 21, beaming ear-to-ear in my first cab ride from the airport, I was a lot like Emily Cooper who, clearly, was fed the same Hollywood myth.

In the show’s opening episodes, we see how she, like so many of us Americans before her, is instantly deflated when confronted by the fact that Paris isn’t how it appears in the movies. Adventure does not wait on every corner. Parisians are generally reserved and it’s very difficult to make friends. Being an American in Paris can be extremely lonely.
However, instead of learning to adapt to the beautifully complicated if somewhat disappointing reality of the French capital, Emily sets about obsessively moulding it to her expectations via her Instagram account. The show’s name actually refers to Emily’s Instagram handle, which plays a woefully central role in the series. Instead of giving her 21.7k followers (a statistic that flashes across the screen multiple times) a glimpse of the real Paris, she filters her experience to match her American fans’ assumptions.

This could be a chance for the show to satirise the prettified American view of Paris, but really it just plays into it; like his heroine, Starr gives us a city that is a total fantasy world. Emily becomes an influencer, attends lavish champagne-soaked parties, and meets hunky Parisian men at every turn. “For the most part, American directors paint their depictions of Paris and its culture through either nostalgic or rose-coloured glasses [...]” says Dr Alice Craven, Professor in Film Studies at The American University of Paris. “Audiences, particularly American ones, want to relish the beauty of the city of lights and therefore welcome the misty tints given to the city by these directors.” Again and again, on-screen depictions of Paris, from 1995 Meg Ryan vehicle French Kiss to the climax of Sex and the City, which saw Carrie Bradshaw find her fairytale ending there with Mr Big, have used it as a twinkling backdrop for romantic fantasies.

But where did our rose-tinted vision of the French capital come from?


